Add custom logo doc in Admin Panel page + link in Admin Panel Customi… (#2439)
strapi/documentation: docusaurus/docs/cms/features/admin-panel.md

Keep in mind that choosing an interface mode only applies to your account on the admin panel.
:::

### Customizing the logo

**Path to configure the admin panel:** <Icon name="gear-six" /> *Settings > Global settings > Overview*

The default Strapi logos, displayed in the main navigation of a Strapi application and the authentication pages, can be modified.

1. Click on the upload area for *Menu logo* or *Auth logo*.
2. Upload your chosen logo, either by browsing files, drag & dropping the file in the right area, or by using a URL. The logo shouldn't be more than 750x750px. 
3. Click on the **Upload logo** button in the upload window.
4. Click on the **Save** button in the top right corner.

Once uploaded, the new logo can be replaced with another one <Icon name="plus" classes="ph-bold"/>, or reset <Icon name="arrow-clockwise" classes="ph-bold"/> with the default Strapi logo or the logo set in the configuration files.

:::note

> Both logos can also be customized programmatically via the Strapi application's configuration files (see [Admin panel customization](/dev-docs/admin-panel-customization/options#logos)). However, the logos uploaded via the admin panel supersedes any logo set through the configuration files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both logos can also be customized programmatically via the Strapi application's configuration files (see [Admin panel customization](/cms/admin-panel-customization/options#logos)). However, the logos uploaded via the admin panel supersedes any logo set through the configuration files.
```
